CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

You can submit a new workflow, or an update to an existing one, in three different ways:

- Submitting a pull request
- Creating an issue on GitHub
- Use the **Submit to Workflow Directory** workflow

If your workflow makes use of an API, make sure that you use Import Questions and remove your API keys before submitting. It should not violate an API developer's terms of service as it would result in consequences for the user of the workflow.

## Submitting a pull request

If you're familiar with Git, you can create a pull request containing the workflow you wish to add. When creating a pull request, make sure that the following steps are taken:

- Create a new directory for your workflow
- The **.wflow** workflow file is placed in this directory
- A README.md is created and added to this directory

### Format for README

The README for a workflow uses the following structure:

    # Workflow Title
    
    Submitted by: [@your_github_username](https://github.com/your_github_username)
   
    A brief description of the workflow (and any instructions, if necessary).

To export a workflow, open the Share Sheet and select **Share as File**.

### Updating a workflow

If you're submitting an update to an existing workflow:

- Overwrite the existing **.wflow** file
- Update the README.md (if required)

## Creating an issue on Github

The easiest way to submit a workflow is to create a new issue on GitHub. A GitHub account is required. Follow the issue template and provide:

- Workflow name
- A description
- Link to the workflow at **workflow.is**

## Use the Submit to Workflow Directory workflow

You can use [this workflow](workflows/Submit%20to%20Workflow%20Directory/Submit%20to%20Workflow%20Directory.wflow) to create a submission request automatically. Copy the link for the workflow you want to submit and then run this workflow to create the required GitHub issue for you.

Commit message:

Update naming to Shortcuts
Updated Workflow Directory to become Shortcuts Directory

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

You can submit a new shortcut, or an update to an existing one, in three different ways:

- Submitting a pull request
- Creating an issue on GitHub

If your shortcut makes use of an API, make sure that you use Import Questions and remove your API keys before submitting. It should not violate an API developer's terms of service as it would result in consequences for the user of the shortcut.

## Submitting a pull request

If you're familiar with Git, you can create a pull request containing the shortcut you wish to add. When creating a pull request, make sure that the following steps are taken:

- Create a new directory for your shortcut
- The **.shortcut** file is placed in this directory
- A README.md is created and added to this directory

### Format for README

The README for a shortcut uses the following structure:

    # Shortcut Title
    
    Submitted by: [@your_github_username](https://github.com/your_github_username)
   
    A brief description of the shortcut (and any instructions, if necessary).

To export a shortcut, open the Share Sheet and select **Share as File**.

### Updating a shortcut

If you're submitting an update to an existing shortcut:

- Overwrite the existing **.shortcut** (or **.wflow**) file
- Update the README.md (if required)

## Creating an issue on Github

The easiest way to submit a shortcut is to create a new issue on GitHub. A GitHub account is required. Follow the issue template and provide:

- Shortcut name
- A description
- iCloud link to the shortcut
