README.md, before:

# Workflow Directory

This repository contains user-submitted workflows for [Workflow for iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/workflow/id915249334?mt=8&uo=4&at=10l64N).

All workflows are saved as **.wflow** files and located in the **workflows/** directory so that they are available without needing a **workflow.is** link. Each workflow includes a README with information about it.

## Downloading workflows

You don't need a GitHub account or be familiar with [Git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) to download workflows.

- If you're viewing the repository on GitHub, select the workflow file you want and then tap **Download**.
- You can clone the repository using an app like [Working Copy](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/working-copy-powerful-git-client/id896694807?mt=8&uo=4&at=10l64N) (one of my favorite iOS apps). This can be easily updated by pulling the latest changes at any time.
- You can also download the entire repository as a ZIP file by tapping **Clone or download** and select **Download ZIP**.

## Submitting a workflow

See the [Contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for instructions on submitting a new workflow (or updating an existing one). A GitHub account is required.

Commit message:

Update naming to Shortcuts
Updated Workflow Directory to become Shortcuts Directory

README.md, after:

# Shortcuts Directory

This repository contains user-submitted shortcuts for [Shortcuts for iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/id915249334?at=10l64N).

All shortcuts are saved as **.shortcut** files and located in the **shortcuts/** directory so that they are available without needing an iCloud link. Each shortcut includes a README with information about it. Older workflows are saved as **.wflow** files and are compatible with Shortcuts.

## Downloading shortcuts

You don't need a GitHub account or be familiar with [Git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) to download shortcuts.

- If you're viewing the repository on GitHub, select the shortcut file you want and then tap **Download**.
- You can clone the repository using an app like [Working Copy](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/working-copy-powerful-git-client/id896694807?mt=8&uo=4&at=10l64N) (one of my favorite iOS apps). This can be easily updated by pulling the latest changes at any time.
- You can also download the entire repository as a ZIP file by tapping **Clone or download** and select **Download ZIP**.

## Submitting a shortcut

See the [Contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for instructions on submitting a new shortcut (or updating an existing one). A GitHub account is required.
